[FrameworkBundle] Add support for setting headers with `TemplateContoller` (#19911)
symfony/symfony-docs: templates.rst

                    site_name: 'ACME'
                    theme: 'dark'

>                 # add headers in response
>                 headers:
>                     Content-Type: 'image/svg+xml'
>                     foo: 'bar'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                # optionally you can define HTTP headers to add to the response
                headers:
                    Content-Type: 'text/html'
                    foo: 'bar'
```

Author: done

    .. code-block:: xml

>         <!-- config/routes.xml -->

Reviewer: Can you also update xml and php examples ?

Author: done :)

>         <!-- config/routes.xml -->

Reviewer: Foreach new feature, we add directive `versionadded` to tell is new. You can add it above `Checking if a Template Exists` title

```
.. versionadded:: 7.2

    The ``headers`` option was introduced in Symfony 7.2.
```

Author: Good information :+1:
